Create ui-c8y-1023-73-0-asset-property-mappings-in-html-widget-and-global-time-context-integration.md (#4594)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-73-0-asset-property-mappings-in-html-widget-and-global-time-context-integration.md

---
date: ""

> title: Asset property mappings and global time context integration in HTML widget

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Asset property mappings and time context integration in HTML widget
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-66200
version: 1023.73.0
---

> This change provides two enhancements to the HTML widget:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "HTML" widget has been enhanced by the following features:
```

> The "HTML" widget has been enhanced by the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "HTML" widget has been enhanced with the following features:
```

> - **Asset properties** configuration: instead of a read-only list of properties from the currently selected asset, you can now browse and assign properties (asset, custom, and computed ones) to named keys - sourced not only from the main selected asset but also from its descendants. These keys can then be inserted into the HTML code editor as expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Asset properties configuration**: Instead of a read-only list of properties from the currently selected asset, you can now browse and assign properties (asset, custom, and computed ones) to named keys - sourced not only from the main selected asset but also from its descendants. These keys can then be inserted into the HTML code editor as expressions.
```

> - **Time context** integration: the widget can now be controlled by the dashboard's global time context settings or by widget's local settings; both the `c8yContext` object and the new `c8yProperties` object update automatically when the auto-refresh mode is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Time context integration**: The widget can now be controlled by the dashboard's global time context settings or by widget's local settings; both the `c8yContext` object and the new `c8yProperties` object update automatically when the auto-refresh mode is enabled.
```

> For more details, refer to the [HTML widget documentation](https://cumulocity.com/docs/cockpit/widgets-collection/#html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This change provides two enhancements to the HTML widget:

- **Asset properties** configuration: instead of a read-only list of properties from the currently selected asset, you can now browse and assign properties (asset, custom, and computed ones) to named keys - sourced not only from the main selected asset but also from its descendants. These keys can then be inserted into the HTML code editor as expressions.
- **Time context** integration: the widget can now be controlled by the dashboard's global time context settings or by widget's local settings; both the `c8yContext` object and the new `c8yProperties` object update automatically when the auto-refresh mode is enabled.

For more details, refer to the [HTML widget documentation](https://cumulocity.com/docs/cockpit/widgets-collection/#html).
```

> For more details, refer to the [HTML widget documentation](https://cumulocity.com/docs/cockpit/widgets-collection/#html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, refer to the [HTML widget documentation](/docs/cockpit/widgets-collection/#html).
```

---
date: ""

> title: Asset property mappings in HTML widget and global time context integration (#11376) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#11814)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Asset property mappings and global time context integration in HTML widget
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-66200
version: 1023.73.0
---
# Backport

This will backport the following commits from `develop` to `release/cd`:
- [feat(Cockpit): [MTM-66200] Asset property mappings in HTML widget and
global time context integration
(#11376)](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-ui/pull/11376)

<!--- Backport version: 11.0.2 -->

### Questions ?
Please refer to the [Backport tool
documentation](https://github.com/sorenlouv/backport)

[MTM-66200]:
https://cumulocity.atlassian.net/browse/MTM-66200?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiNWRkNTljNzYxNjVmNDY3MDlhMDU5Y2ZhYzA5YTRkZjUiLCJwIjoiZ2l0aHViLWNvbS1KU1cifQ

---------

> Co-authored-by: Carlos Ceia <carlos.ceia@cumulocity.com>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The HTML widget in Cockpit got two improvements:

- **Asset properties configuration**: instead of a read-only list of properties from the currently selected asset, which you could copy and paste as expressions into the HTML code editor, now you can browse and select properties not only from that asset but also from its children, including computed properties; selected properties can be pasted into HTML code as expressions.
- **Global time context integration**: the HTML widget is now integrated with dashboard's global time context,  and both `c8yContext` and the new `c8yProperties` objects update automatically when auto-refresh is enabled.

For more details, refer to the [HTML widget documentation](https://cumulocity.com/docs/cockpit/widgets-collection/#html).
```
